Okay, so what is the question that, that we have
to do for this lab
system? Have the new,
Yeah, it's uploaded in lms.
Check reinforcement.
Uh, hello? Uh, today's assignment is already
posted in the LMS.
Which one? Uh, which one assignment? Yeah,
Assignment one. Yeah.
Okay. So there is no pros attached to that, right? No,
Actually, uh, are you able to see those, uh, materials,
sir, as posted in the LMS like 1, 2, 3, 4?
There are some materials, sir, as posted. Yes.
Uh, in that, uh, uh,
last one is the fifth one is the task for today's lab.
Okay. Task, task 2.5, right? Yeah.
Okay.
Okay. So the assignment one, um,
which takes placed from this week
or the last week assignment will
be considered as assessment one.
Um, that is, I had to decide. I don't know.
Okay. Because the last week as assignments
that we don't have option to upload anywhere.
Okay. So, so that will be considered a practice
or, uh, what will be the patient from the,
We'll see what service.
Okay. Okay.
Okay, thanks. Okay, so, uh, uh, so, so we can complete,
uh, by today and then we can, uh, I mean we'll complete
Time is no hurry.
Okay. Okay. Till next Saturday time is there?
Yeah, yeah,
Ma'am, can you just repeat, uh,
what is the task for this Swiss lab?
I just gone to the LMS, uh, we have the task,
which task I have to refer to?
2.5 task is there, right? You can
Download that. Yeah. Last one
is, uh, uh, uh, the today's,
uh, file number five.
Okay. Two,
Please check your LMS for the announcement.
Announcement means, you mean to say
for the assignment one, you're telling me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's only,
Okay.
Hello. Uh, so this is Greece.
Uh, we have to do task 2.1, 2.2
till 2.5
and make it a consolidated, uh, submission. No, no, no, no.
Only 2.5 is the file for the today's task
And rest of the files are for your own,
uh, study materials.
Yeah, yeah, those are study materials.
Okay. 2.5 is what? Okay.
And, uh, can anyone like guide where
for the like last week submission where I have to do
last week customer made submission?
Uh, sorry, could you repeat?
Uh, like last week, uh, there was one, uh, uh,
lab submission, which we need to do for EEDA.
Don. Uh, you uh, check the MS uh,
I think you'll be able, able to find some things there.
Uh, the last date, I guess for that one is third
or 4th of December.
Okay. Yes. Uh, my solution is already is trying to
do it now, so, okay.
So today assignment submission link is enabled.
Anyone aware about it?
It's not enabled, Not enabled.
Assignment one, today's date.
It is given, actually we have to upload in that only,
or we have to wait for assignment. Yeah,
You have to upload in that only,
That only, no.
Yeah, today's right.
I think that is the last week assignment,
right? If I'm not wrong,
Yes, that's last week.
Okay. Then
Link, Madam, Today is second assignment.
Today's second. Yeah. Right.
Okay. I'll ask for the deadline, sir,
then I'll let you know about it.
Yeah, yeah, please. Okay, thank you.
I think you can enable the two.
I'll enable, uh, okay. I,
hi.
Is the TA available?
Yeah. Tell me, uh, when will the, uh,
assignment be enabled in the LMS?
Uh, it'll today, it'll be enabled.
Uh, the red line will be next till next Saturday.
Uh, okay, so today by evening it'll be enabled, right?
Yeah, yeah. Okay. Thank you.
You can check the LMS now. It is available assignment too.
Uh, yeah, TL is there?
No, uh, here, uh, the assignment is showing in,
you know, general section instead of assignment section.
Just, uh, wanted to, that should show in, uh, you know,
assignment section, but it is showing in general.
Okay. I'll, I'll edit it.
Yeah, I have submitted it. I've drop.
Thank. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Rakesh, you are saying this assignment
for this today's assignment, right?
Yeah,
It is for today's assignment,
But uh, we need to, uh, submit, uh,
by next week. You can submit
Till next week. Yeah,
Till next week.